source	translation	score
我们正坐着吃午饭，福尔摩斯接到了一份电报，并随手给了回电。他一语未发，但是看来心中有事，因为他随后站在炉火前面，脸上现出沉思的神色，抽着烟斗，不时瞧着那份电报。	while we were sitting at lunch , Formos received a telegram , which was followed by a telegram ; he said nothing , but seemed to have something in his mind , for he then stood in front of the fire , and looked at the telegram from time to time with a thoughtful look on his face .	1
女的是不会拍这种先付回电费的电报的。	the woman will not send this telegram which pays the electricity bill first .	1
我的脑子象一部空转的引擎那样，由于没有和它所要制造的工件连接上而散成碎片。	my brain , like an empty-wheeled engine , was shattered by not being connected to the piece of work it was to make .	1
照此看来，你可以问我是否准备研究任何新的问题，不管它到头来是多么微不足道。	in this light , you can ask me if I am prepared to study any new questions , no matter how trivial it may be .	0
不过现在，要是我没有弄错的话，我们的当事人已经来了。”	but now , if I hadn &apos;t made a mistake , our party had come .	1
他立刻开门见山地谈起他的事情。“我遇到了一种最奇特最不愉快的事，福尔摩斯先生，”他说。	he immediately began to talk of his affairs , and said , &quot; I have come across one of the most unpleasant things of all , Mr. Formos , &quot; he said .	1
”我有生以来从未有过这样的遭遇。	I have never had such a thing in my life .	1
这是最不成体统的——最无法容忍的了。	it is the most unnatural - the most intolerable .	1,1
首先，我是否可以问一下，你究竟为什么要来找我？”“唔，先生，在我看来，这件事和警察无关，而且，当你听完了这件事，你一定会同意，我不能扔下这件事不管。	first of all , may I ask , why on earth did you come to me ? &quot; &quot; well , sir , it seems to me that this matter has nothing to do with the police , and when you hear it out , you will agree that I cannot leave it .	1,1
我对私人侦探这一等人丝毫不感兴趣，不过，尽管如此，久仰您的大名——”	I have no interest in the private detective , but , nevertheless , I admire your name .	1
可是，其次，你为什么不立刻就来呢？”	but , second , why don &apos;t you come at once ?	1
不过，要不是看出你是在一醒来时就遇到麻烦的话，那么，谁也不会注意你这副装扮的。”	but if you don &apos;t see that you &apos;re in trouble when you wake up , no one will notice you .	1,1
我们的当事人理了一理没有梳过的头发，摸了一下没有刮过的下巴。	our client took a haircut and touched the unshaved drop .	-3,1
我丝毫没有想到要梳洗。	I had no thought of combing .	1
“你真象我的朋友华生医生，他有一个坏习惯，老是一开头就没有把事情讲对头。	you are like my friend Dr Watson , who has a bad habit of never telling things right at first .	1
请你把你的思路整理一下，有条有理地告诉我，到底出了什么事，使你头不梳脸不刮，礼靴和背心的钮扣都没有扣好，就跑出来寻求指导和援助了。”	put your thoughts in order , and tell me in a reasonable way what is going on so that your head does not brush your face and your boots and back buttons are not buttoned , and run out for guidance and assistance .	1,1,-3
我们的当事人脸带愁容，低头看了一看自己颇不寻常的外表。	our client , with a sad face , looked down at his unusual appearance .	1
“我这模样一定很不象话，福尔摩斯先生。可是我不明白，我一生之中竟会遇到这样的事。	&quot; I must have been very ill-mannered , Mr. Formos ; but I do not understand that I should have had such a thing in my life .	1,0
“一点儿不错，福尔摩斯先生。	&apos;not bad , Mr. Formos .	-1,
我们的当事人警觉起来，瞪着两眼，惊慌的脸上没有一点血色。	our client was alert , staring at both eyes , panicked face without a trace of blood .	1
你该不是说——你该不是说我被怀疑了吧？”	you should not say - you should not say that I am suspected ?	1,1
华生，我想一杯苏打白兰地对他不会有什么害处吧。	Watson , I don &apos;t think a soda will do him any harm .	1
先生，现在这里多了两位听众，我建议你不必介意，继续讲下去，就象没有人打断过你——象刚才要做的那样。”	now , sir , there are two more listeners here , and I suggest you do not mind , and proceed as if no one had interrupted you - as you have just done .	1,1
他用疑惑的眼光看了一下警长的记录本，随即开始了他那极不平常的叙述。	he looked suspiciously at the captain &apos;s book , and then began his most unusual account .	1
整个屋子都使人感到郁悒。我们面对面地坐着进餐。我的主人虽然尽力殷勤款待，但是他的神情好象一直恍恍惚惚，谈话含糊凌乱，不知所云。	the whole room was dreary . we sat across to dinner . my master , though trying hard , seemed to have been in a trance , and his conversation was vague and confused .	0
他不停地用手指敲打着桌子，用嘴咬噬指甲。还有其它一些动作，显出他心神不安。	he kept hammering at the table with his fingers and nibbling at his armour with his mouth . there were other movements that showed his restlessness .	0,0
至于那餐饭，照料得既不周到，菜也做得不好，加上那个沉默寡言的仆人的阴沉神色，实在令人难堪。	as for the meal , which was neither well-attended nor well-done , and the gloom of the indecisive servant , it was very difficult .	1
当时，我一点儿也没在意。	at that time , I had no intention at all .	1
我注意到，我的主人看过便条后，似乎显得比刚才更加心不在焉，更加古怪了。	I noticed that my master , after reading the note , seemed to be more disinterested and eccentric than before .	1
他不再装模作样地跟我交谈，而是坐在那里不住地抽烟，呆呆地沉思着。但是便条上写的什么，他没有说。	instead of pretending to talk to me , he sat there smoking and pondering , but he did not say anything on the note .	1,0,0
我说没有。他表示歉意，不该这么晚来打扰我，并且说已经快到一点钟了。	I said no , he apologized for coming so late and said it was almost one o &apos;clock .	1,0
没有人答应。	no one agreed .	-1
我又按了几下铃，还是没有人答应。	I rang the bell a few times , but no one answered .	1
我一看，楼下一个人也没有，当时的惊讶是可想而知的。	I saw that there was no one under the building , and the surprise was conceivable .	1
我在大厅里叫喊，没有回答，又从一个房间跑到另一个房间，都空无一人。我的主人在头天晚上把他的卧室指给我看过，于是我去敲他的房门。	my master showed me his bedroom the night before , and I knocked at his door .	1,1
但没有回答。我扭动把手进了房间。	I wrenched my hand into the room .	1
里面是空的，床上根本就没有人睡过。	it was empty and no one had ever slept in the bed .	1
“你的经历真是闻所未闻，”他说。	&quot; your experience is unheard of , &quot; he said .	1
这使我猛然想到，这件事的前前后后不可能是为了把我愚弄一番，主要目的一定是为了逃租。	it struck me that it was impossible to fool me before and after , and the main purpose must be to escape rent .	1
可是，这也说不过去。	but that &apos;s not going to happen .	-1
大使馆不知道这个人。	the embassy didn &apos;t know the man .	1
再往后，我又去找麦尔维尔，就是在他家里，我第一次遇见加西亚的。可是，我发现他对加西亚的了解还不如我。	then I went back to Melville , where I first met him , but I found that he did not know him as well as I did .	1
我可以向你保证，我说的每一个字都是真实的，而且除了我已经告诉你的以外，关于这个人的死，我是绝对地一无所知。	I can assure you that every word I say is true , and that I know absolutely nothing about this man &apos;s death except what I have told you .	1
这片没有烧过的纸片是我从炉子后面找到的。”	I found this piece of unburned paper behind the hearth .	1
“便条是写在常见的米色直纹纸上，没有水印。	&quot; the note is written on a common plain-colored paper with no watermarks .	1
或许还可以补充一点细节，椭圆形的封印，无疑是一颗平面的袖扣——还有什么别的东西是这种形状的呢？	perhaps a little more detail , an elliptical seal , no doubt a flat cuff - what else is this shape ?	null
“我应当说，我并没有很重视这个条子，我只知道他们要搞点什么名堂，而这事情照例牵涉到一个女人。”	&quot; I should say that I don &apos;t attach much importance to this article . I just know what they &apos;re going to do , and it &apos;s a woman as usual . &quot;	1
当进行这一番谈话时，斯考特·艾克尔斯先生坐在那里心神不安。	as the conversation took place , Mr. Scott Achilles sat there feeling uneasy .	1
“可是，我要指出，加西亚先生出了什么事，他家里出了什么事，我还都不知道呢。”	&quot; but I wish to point out that I do not know what has happened to Mr. Garcia or what has happened to his family .	1
他的头被打成了肉酱，是用沙袋或者类似的东西打的，打得很重，不是打伤了，而是打开了花。	his head was sliced into caviar , hit with sandbags or something like that , and hit hard , not hurt , but opened the flowers .	1
那地方很平静，四分之一英里之内没有人家。显然是有人从后面把他打倒的。行凶者把他打死之后还继续打了很久。	the place was calm , and there was no one in a quarter of a mile . he was apparently knocked down from behind , and the perpetrators continued to fight long after he was killed .	1
作案人没有留下任何足印和任何线索。”	the perpetrator left no footprints or clues .	1
“没有，没有抢劫的迹象。”“这太悲惨了——悲惨而可怕，”斯考特·艾克尔斯先生愤愤不平地说。“不过，这对我实在是太残酷了。	&quot; no , no sign of robbery , &quot; said Mr. Scott Achilles , indignantly ; &quot; but it is too cruel for me .	1,1,1
我的主人深夜外出，遭到如此悲惨的结局，这和我一点关系也没有。	it had nothing to do with me that my master went out late in the night and suffered such a tragic outcome .	1
我们在今天早上九点钟以后赶到他家，你不在，别的人也不在。	we got to his house after nine o &apos;clock this morning . you &apos;re not there , nobody else .	1,1
我希望你能够不惜费用，多费苦心，弄清真相，”	I hope you can find out the truth without any expense .	-1
“我同你合作，我想你不会反对吧，贝尼斯先生？”	&quot; I &apos;ll cooperate with you , and I don &apos;t think you will object , Mr. Bennis ? &quot;	1
“当然不会，先生，万分荣幸。”“看来，你干事敏捷，有条有理。我想问一下，死者遇害的确切时间是什么时候，这有线索没有？”	&quot; certainly not , sir , it is an honor . &quot; &quot; it seems that your officer is quick and reasonable . I would like to ask , when is the exact time of the death ?	1
“可是，这根本不可能，贝尼斯先生，”我们的当事人叫了起来。”	&quot; but that &apos;s impossible , Mr. Bennis , &quot; cried our client .	1
他的声音我不会听错。	I can &apos;t hear his voice wrong .	1
“奇怪，但并非不可能，”福尔摩斯微笑着说道。	&quot; strange , but not impossible , &quot; said Holmes , smiling .	1,1
“从表面上看，案情并不十分复杂，尽管它带有某些新奇有趣的特点。	&quot; on the face of it , the case is not very complex , although it has some new and interesting features .	1
“我对斯考特·艾克尔斯先生的故弄玄虚还摸不着头脑。”	I have no idea what Mr. Scott Achilles is saying .	1
“喔，从那个人的同伴都无影无踪这一点来看，应当说，他们在某一方面是合伙谋杀，然后逃之夭夭。”	&quot; well , from the point that there was no trace of the man &apos;s companions , it should be said that in one respect they were a partnership murder and then escaped . &quot;	1
“你必须承认，亲爱的华生，恶作剧的想法是不可能的。	&quot; you must admit , dear Watson , that the idea of a play is impossible .	1
从表面上看，这个年轻的西班牙人和斯考特·艾克尔斯之间突如其来的奇怪友谊是有些蹊跷的。	on the face of it , the strange friendship between the young Spaniard and Scott Achilles was somewhat strange .	null
我看不出这个人有什么魅力。	I can &apos;t see the charm of this man .	1
他并不特别聪明——不可能同一个机智的拉丁族人品味相投。	he was not particularly clever - he could not share the taste of an intelligent Ladin .	1,1
你已经亲眼看到，两位警长都不曾想到对他的供词提出疑问，尽管他的供述是极不平常的。”	you have seen with your own eyes that neither of the police chiefs had thought of questioning his confession , though it was unusual .	1,1
“事情既然已成这样，他见证不了什么了，不过，如果是另外一种情况，他就可以见证一切。	&quot; now that it was done , he could see nothing , but if it were another case , he could see everything .	1
“我明白了，这样他就可以作不在现场的证明了。”	&quot; I see , so he can prove his absence .	0
“一点儿不错，亲爱的华生，他可能是要人证明他当时不在现场。	&apos;quite well , dear Watson , he might have been an important witness to his absence .	0
他们在时钟上面耍了花招。很可能是这样：他们让艾克尔斯去睡觉的时间比艾克尔斯认为的时间要早些。不管怎么说，可能是，当加西亚走去告诉艾克尔斯是一点钟的时候，实际上还没有过十二点钟。	they played tricks on the clock . it was probably the case that they let Aicles go to bed earlier than Aicles thought .	1
我们这位无可指责的英国人则可以在任何法庭上宣誓说被告一直是在屋里。	we , the blameless Englishman , can swear in any court that the accused is always in the house .	1
“我还没有掌握全部事实，不过我不认为有任何不可克服的困难。	&apos;i don &apos;t have all the facts , but I don &apos;t think there are any insurmountable difficulties .	1,1,1
你自己已经不知不觉地在摆弄材料，自圆其说了。”	you are already unconsciously playing with the material and telling yourself .	1
很清楚，这显然是一次危险的探索，不然，她就不会说''祝顺利''了。	it was clear that it was a dangerous exploration , or she would not have said &apos; wish it well .	1
“好，华生，很好——可是极难成立。	&quot; well , Watson , very well - but very difficult to establish .	null
不过，我们可得感谢我们的好运气，是它使我们在这几个钟头里得以摆脱这种难以忍受的闲散和无聊。”	but we must thank our good luck , which has enabled us to get rid of this intolerable idleness and boredom in these hours .	null
“我不太明白。”	I don &apos;t quite understand .	1
同样可以肯定的是，这所房子离奥克斯肖特不会超过一两英里，因为加西亚是向那个方向走的。而且，按照我对这些情况的解释来看，加亚西原想及时地赶在一点钟以前回到威斯特里亚寓所，以说明他并不在现场。	it was also certain that the house would not be more than a mile or two from Oxshott , for it was in that direction ; and , according to my interpretation of the situation , he wanted to be back at his apartment in Weistria by one o &apos;clock in time to show that he was not there .	1,1
这个夜晚真长，我想我的神经不如往常那么顶用了。”	it was a long night , and I think my nerves are not as good as they used to be .	1
我倒没有想到你身上还有神经。”	I didn &apos;t think you had any nerves .	1
不知怎么我一抬头，却看见下端的窗框外面有一张脸在向里面望着我。	somehow I looked up and saw a face looking inside the window frame at me .	0
瓦尔特斯，这可不象一名警官说的话呀。”	it &apos;s not like a police officer , Walter .	1
”我知道，先生，我知道，可是它使我害怕极啦，先生，不承认也不管用。	&apos;i know , sir , I know ; but it frightens me very much , sir , and does not admit it .	1,-3
那张脸既不黑又不白，说不上是什么颜色，一种非常奇怪的色彩，就好象泥土里溅上了牛奶。	the face was neither black nor white ; it was not a color , a very strange colour , as if the mud had spilled milk .	1,1
我对您说，先生，我连一个指头都不敢动，也不敢出一口气，直到它突然消失不见。	I say to you , sir , I dare not move a finger , nor give a breath until it suddenly disappears .	1,1
我跑了出去，穿过灌木林，感谢上帝，那儿什么也没有。”	I ran out , through the irrigated wood , and thanked God for nothing there .	1
”如果我不知道你是个好人，瓦尔特斯，就为这件事，我也可以给你记上一个黑点。	&quot; if I didn &apos;t know you were a good man , Walter , I could write you a black spot for it .	1
如果真的是鬼，那么，一个值班警官也绝对不应当为他不敢用手去碰它一下而感谢上帝。	if it was a ghost , then a duty officer should never thank God for not daring to touch it with his hand .	1,1
这该不是一种幻觉和神经的错觉吧？”	isn &apos;t it a mirage of illusion and nerve ?	1
每个卧室和起居室都经过了仔细搜查，什么都没有发现。	every bedroom and home was searched carefully and nothing was found .	1
显然，房客随身带来的东西很少，甚至什么也没有带。从全部家具到细小的物件，都是连同房子一起租用的。	apparently , the house-guests brought little or nothing with them , and all the furniture and small pieces were rented together with the house .	1
电报询问的结果表明，马克思除了知道他的买主付账爽快之外，其他一无所知。	the results of the telegram showed that Maxim knew nothing but that his buyer was paying the bill .	1
”这里面没有什么，”贝尼斯说，手里拿着蜡烛，高视阔步地走出这个房间，进入那个房间。	there was nothing in it , &quot; said Benes , stepping out of the room with a candle in his hand , and entering the room .	1
但是，贝尼斯先生把他那最不吉利的展览一直坚持到最后。	but Mr Bennis kept his least Gillie exhibition to the end .	-1
医生说这些不是人体上的东西。”	the doctor says these are not things on the body .	1
”我得恭贺你，警长，你处理了一件如此不同一般、如此富于教益的案件。	I must congratulate you , Captain , for handling a case so different and so rich in teaching .	0
你的才能似乎胜过你的机会，如果我这样说不致于有所冒犯的话。”	your talents seem to be better than your chances , if I don &apos;t say that to someone who has committed a crime .	-2
我们在工作上停滞不前。	we are at a standstill in our work .	0
可以说从来没有见过。””对，先生。	yes , sir .	1
不过，我本人有不同的看法。	however , I myself have a different view .	0
是的，先生，我本人的看法大不相同。”	yes , sir , my opinion is quite different .	0
如果以后我能够说，我在没有你的帮助下破了案，那我就高兴了。”	if I could say later that I had broken the case without your help , I would be happy .	1
我可以举出好多微妙的表情来说明福尔摩斯正在性急地追寻一条线索，这种表情，除了我以外，别人可能不会注意到。	I could show many subtle expressions that Formos was in a hurry to find a clue that might not be noticed by anyone other than me .	1
在一个不经心的观察者看来，福尔摩斯象往常一样冷淡，但是，他那双发光的眼睛和轻快的举止却显示出一种抑制着的热情和紧张的情绪，这使我确信，他是正在考虑对策。	in the eyes of an unsympathetic observer , Formos was as cold as ever , but his shining eyes and his light manner showed a depressing passion and tension , which convinced me that he was thinking of a response .	-1
按照他的习惯，他一句话不说；照我的脾气，我什么话也不问。	in his habit , he said nothing ; in my temper , I asked nothing .	1,1
能和他一起参加这场游戏，为捕获罪犯而提供出我微小的帮助，又不致以不必要的插话分散他的注意力，这对我来说已是很满意的了。	it was satisfying for me to be able to join him in the game and offer me little help in capturing the criminals without distracting him with unnecessary interruptions .	1,1
一天接着一天，我的朋友毫无动静。	day after day , my friend was quiet .	0
除了这次外出之外，他成天作长时间的而且常常是孤独的散步，要不就是同村里的几个碎嘴子闲聊，他力求与这些人交往和结识。	in addition to this trip , he took a long , often lonely walk all day long , or chatted with a few of the village &apos;s mouthpieces , and tried to get acquainted with them .	0
他很少谈起案情，但从他谈起的那么一点情况来看，他对事情的进展也倒不是不满意的。	he seldom talks about the case , but from the point he talks , he is not dissatisfied with the progress of the matter .	1,1
你该不是说贝尼斯已经抓住他了吧？”	don &apos;t you say Benes has caught him ?	1
有人指出但从未得到证实的是，死去的这位先生可能有贵重财物存放在寓所里，以致财物失窃，构成罪案。	it has been pointed out , but has never been proved , that the deceased gentleman may have valuable property stored in his apartment , thus causing the theft of the property to constitute a crime .	1
经负责此案的贝尼斯警长多方努力，查明了逃犯的藏匿处所。他有充足的理由证明他们没有远遁，只是潜伏在事先准备好的某一巢窟中。	as a result of the efforts of the Chief Superintendent of the Benes in charge of the case , he identified the hiding places of the fugitives , who had good reason to prove that they were not far away , but that they were lurking in a well-prepared nest .	1
如果我向你提出一点友好的忠告，望你不要见怪。”	I hope you will not be surprised if I give you some kind advice .	1
”我曾细心研究过这个案件，我还不敢肯定你走的路子是对的。	I have studied the case carefully , and I am not sure you are on the right track .	1
我不愿意你这样蛮干下去，除非你有十足的把握。”	I don &apos;t want you to go on like this , unless you are sure of it .	1
“请别见怪。”	don &apos;t be surprised .	1
”哪儿的话，先生，我相信你对我是一片好意。	&apos;well , sir , I believe you are kind to me .	null
”我们不要再谈这个了吧。”	let &apos;s not talk about it .	1
他一个英文字也不会说，除了哼哼哈哈之外，从他那里什么都得不到。”	he would not say anything in English but hum and haha .	-3,1
”我没有这样说，福尔摩斯先生，我没有这样说。	&apos; I did not say so , Mr. Formos ; I did not .	1,1
“我摸不透这个人。	&apos;i don &apos;t know the man .	-1
不过，贝尼斯警长身上总有某种我不很理解的东西。”	but there &apos;s always something on Captain Benis that I don &apos;t quite understand .	1
证据是这样一个事实：正是加西亚安排斯考特·艾克尔斯到来的，这只能说明他的目的在于为他证明不在犯罪现场。	the evidence is the fact that it was Cassia who arranged for Scott Achilles to arrive , which only indicated that his purpose was to prove his absence from the crime scene .	0
我说''坏''心，那是因为，只有当一个人心怀恶念的时候，他才想制造不在犯罪现场的假想。	I say &apos; bad &apos; heart , because it is only when a person has a bad mind that he wants to create an illusion that he is not at the scene of the crime .	1
他们都是同伙，都参与了这个我们还弄不清楚的罪行。	they &apos;re all in the same group , and they &apos;re involved in this crime we don &apos;t know .	1
但是，这一尝试是危险的。如果加西亚到了一定的时间不回去，那就可能是他送了命。	but the attempt was dangerous . if Cassia did not return for a certain period of time , he might have died .	1
整个一团乱线似乎已在我眼前理出了头绪。	the whole mess seemed to have formed before my eyes .	null
我奇怪，正和往常一样，何以在此之前我总是看不出来呢。	I wonder , as always , why I never saw it before .	1
”但是，为什么有一个仆人要回来呢？””我们可以想象一下，在急忙逃走的时候，他遗下了某种珍贵的东西，他舍不得丢下的东西。	&quot; but why is a servant coming back ? &quot; we can imagine that , as he hurried away , he left something precious which he could not bear to leave .	1
这就是海伊加布尔有名的雅各宾老庄园，离奥克斯肖特河的那一头一英里，距发生悲剧的地点不到半英里。	this is Heygapur &apos;s famous Garden of the High-bins , a mile from the Ox Short , less than half a mile from the scene of the tragedy .	0
其他宅邸的主人都平凡而可敬，与传奇生活毫不相干。	the owners of the other houses were plain and respectable , and had nothing to do with legendary life .	1
他要么是个外国人，要么就是曾长期在热带居住过，因为他的皮肤黄而枯槁，但却坚韧得象马裤呢。	he was either a foreigner or had lived in the tropics for a long time because his skin was yellow and withered but tough as a horse &apos;s trousers .	null
他的朋友兼秘书卢卡斯先生无疑是个外国人，棕色的皮肤，狡猾，文雅，象只猫一样，谈吐刻薄而有礼貌。	his friend and secretary , Mr. Lukas , was no doubt a foreigner , with brown skin , cunning , elegant , and , like a cat , harsh and polite .	null
亨德森先生是大旅行家，经常出去旅行。前几个星期他才从外地回到海伊加布尔来，已有一年不在家了。	Mr. Hendson , a great traveler , often travels abroad ; he has only returned from the field to Heygabul in the last few weeks and has been away for a year .	0
最好的人证莫过于被辞退而受尽委曲的仆人。我幸运地找到这么一个。	the best witness is not so much a valet of resignation as a disgruntled servant .	1
虽说是幸运，但是，如果我不出去找，好运气也不会自己找上门来的。	lucky as it is , but if I don &apos;t go out to find it , good luck won &apos;t come by myself .	1,1
而那些在室内工作的仆人有不少和他一个鼻孔出气，他们大家既害怕又憎恨他们的主人。	many of the servants who worked indoors were angry with him , and they feared and hated their master .	null
我并不认为我已弄清全部情况，不过确是非常古怪的人。这是两边有厢房的一所住宅，仆人住一边，主人住另一边。	I don &apos;t think I &apos;ve got the whole picture , but it &apos;s really a very strange person . it &apos;s a house with room on both sides .	1
除了亨德森本人的仆人给全家开饭之外，这两边之间没有联系。	there was no connection between the two sides , except that Hendson &apos;s own servant had served the whole family .	1
女教师和两个孩子只到花园里走走，根本不出门。	the female teacher and two children only went to the garden and did not go out at all .	1
亨德森从来不单独散步。	Henderson never walks alone .	1
他的那个深色皮肤的秘书跟他形影不离。	his dark-skinned secretary is indistinguishable from him .	-1
''他们从哪里来，他们是什么人，谁也不知道。	&apos;where they come from , and who they are , no one knows .	1
再说一句，从伯内特小姐的年纪和性格来看，我最初认为这件事里面可能夹杂着爱情的想法肯定是不能成立的。	again , in the light of Miss Burnett &apos;s age and character , I thought at first that the idea that there might be love in the matter was certainly not valid .	1
现在我遇到的情况不太妙。自从那天晚上发生了谋杀案后，到现在还没有谁看见过伯内特小姐。	I have not seen Miss Burnett since the murder that night .	1,1
从那天晚上起，她就没有影踪了。	she has been missing since that night .	0
我们的材料不足，不能要求进行搜查。如果把我们的全部计划拿给地方法官看，他可能会认为是异想天开。	we don &apos;t have enough material to ask for a search . if all our plans were shown to the magistrate , he might think it was a whim .	1,0
那个女人的失踪说明不了什么问题，因为在那个特殊的家庭里，任何一个人都可以一个星期不见面。	the woman &apos;s disappearance made no difference , because in that particular family , no one could meet for a week .	1,-2
我们不能让这种情形再继续下去。	we cannot allow this situation to continue .	1
如果法律无能为力，我们只好自己来冒这场风险了。”	if the law doesn &apos;t work , we have to take the risk ourselves .	1
我必须承认，前景并不十分乐观。	I must admit that the outlook is not very optimistic .	1
那座弥漫着凶杀气氛的老屋，奇怪而又可怕的住户，进行探索中的不测危险，以及我们被法定地置于违反原则行事的地位，这一切合在一起，挫伤了我的热情。	the confluence of the murderous atmosphere of the old house , the strange and horrendous house , the danger of impropriety in the course of our exploration , and the fact that we were legally placed in a position to act against the principles of disobedience , dampened my enthusiasm .	-1
但是，在福尔摩斯冷静的推理中有某种东西，使得避开他提出的任何冒险而往后退缩成为不可能。	but there is something in Formos &apos;s cool reasoning that makes it impossible to retreat away from any of his adventures .	1
我默默地握住了他的手。事已如此，不容翻悔。	I held his hand in silence , and it was so that I could not repent .	1
但是，我们的调查的结局竟是如此离奇，却是始料所不及的。	but the outcome of our investigation was so strange , but unexpected .	1
她的脑袋有气无力地垂落在胸前。当她抬起头来，用她那双迟钝的眼睛望着我们的时候，我发现她的瞳仁已经变成浅灰色虹膜中的两个小黑点。	when she raised her head and looked at us with her dull eyes , I found that her pupils had become two small black spots in the pale gray iris .	1
我决不会忘记当我带她离开时那车厢窗子里的那张脸。要是他得逞了，我早就没命了——那个黑眼睛、怒目相视的黄鬼。”我们把她扶上楼，让她躺在沙发上。两杯浓咖啡立刻使她的头脑从药性中清醒过来。	I would never forget the face in the window of the car when I took her away , and if he had done it , I would have died - the dark-eyed , angry yellow-haired man . we helped her upstairs and laid her on the sand . two cups of coffee instantly refreshed her mind from the medicine .	1
”我肯定，那个自称为亨德森的人已经感到自己被怀疑了，并且只要他认为他有危险，他就会隐蔽起来，不再行动。	&quot; I am sure that the man who calls himself Hendson has felt suspicious and will conceal himself from action as long as he thinks he is in danger .	0
我错抓人，是为了使他相信我们已经不注意他了。	I made a mistake in order to convince him that we had paid no attention to him .	1
可是，当伯内特小姐挣脱的时候，便衣一定感到为难，不知如何是好。	but when Mademoiselle Burnett had earned her , it must have been difficult for her to do so .	-3
没有她的证词，我们不能捉人，这是很清楚的。所以，让我们越快得到她的证词越好。”	it is clear that we can &apos;t catch people without her testimony , so the sooner we get her , the better .	1,1
他身强力壮，无所畏惧，而且精力充沛。他刚愎自用，对一个胆小怕事的民族施加残暴统治长达十一二年之久。	he was strong , fearless , and full of strength ; he was strong enough to use his own power to impose brutal rule on a timid people for eleven or two years .	1
起义者第二天袭击他的宫殿时，那里已经一无所有。	when the insurgents attacked his palace the next day , there was nothing there .	1
现在，也是一样，高贵而豪侠的加西亚倒下了，而那个魔鬼却安然无恙。	now , the same is true , the high and noble Garcia is down , and the devil is safe .	0
”我参与进去是因为在这个世界上没有别的办法可以伸张正义。	I was involved because there was no other way in the world to do justice .	1
对于我们来说，地狱里没有哪个魔鬼象胡安·默里罗。只要他的受害者仍然呼喊着要报仇雪恨，那么生活就不会平静。”	for us , there is no devil in hell like Juan Murillo , and life will not be quiet as long as his victims still cry for revenge .	1
不幸，默里罗知道了他的卓越品质，于是用某种借口召他回去，把他枪毙了。	unfortunately , Murillo knew of his superior qualities and called him back on some pretext and shot him .	1
他预感到了他的灾难，所以没有带我一起回去。	he felt his disaster , so he didn &apos;t take me back with him .	1
可是，许多人的生命被他毁了，他们的亲友在他手里受尽折磨而死去，他们不会就此罢休。	however , many lives were destroyed by him , and their relatives died in his hands , and they would not give up .	1
他们在一起组织了一个协会。任务一天不完成，这个协会就一天不撤销。	they formed an association together , and one day the association was not dissolved until the task was completed .	1,0
他没料到，每顿饭都出现在他面前的这个女人的丈夫，正是被他迫不及待地杀害了的人。	he did not expect the woman &apos;s husband , who appeared before him for every meal , to be killed by him .	1
加西亚在白天无法下手，因为默里罗防备严密，没有他的随员卢卡斯——此人在他得意的年代叫洛佩斯——在身边，他决不出外。	Gasiah could not get off during the day , for Murillo was well-guarded , and he would never be out without his attaché , Lukas , who was named Lopez in his favorite years .	1,1,1
有一天黄昏，按照事先的安排，我给我的朋友送去最后的消息，因为这个家伙无时无刻不在警惕着，他不断地调换房间。	one day when I was dizzy , in accordance with the prior arrangement , I sent my friend the final news , because the guy was constantly on guard , and he kept changing his room .	0,0
”可是，一切都不顺利。	but everything was not going well .	1
他们是怎样杀害加西亚的，我不知道，只知道是默里罗亲手把他击倒的，因为洛佩斯被留下来看守着我。	how they killed Gassia , I don &apos;t know . it was Murillo who knocked him down , because Lopez was left to watch me .	1
”如果不是因为我了解这伙人的所作所为，他们现在都会安然无事的。	if it had not been for I knew what the men had done , they would have been at peace now .	0,1
我不怀疑，好几次我的生命都处在死亡的边缘。	I do not doubt that several times my life was on the verge of death .	1
这种惨无人道的关押继续了五天，吃不饱，几乎活不下去。	this inhuman detention continued for five days without adequate food and hardly living .	1,1,1
我跳了出来。他们想把我拖回去。要不是这位好心人帮忙把我扶进一辆马车，我是怎么也逃脱不了的。	I jumped out . they wanted to drag me back . I could not escape without the help of this good man who helped me into a carriage .	1,1
我们都聚精会神地听着她这番不平常的叙述。	we all listened attentively to her unusual account .	1
”我们的困难并没有过去，”他说着摇摇头。”	&quot; our difficulties are not over , &quot; he said , shaking his head .	1
不，不，等我们在下一次的吉尔福德巡回法庭上看到海伊加布尔的那些房客时就可以证实我们都是正确的了。”	no , no , we &apos;ll be able to prove that we &apos;re all right when we see the clients at Heygapur on our next Gilford tour .	1,1
从那天以后，他们在英国就再没有露过面了。	since that day they have not appeared in England .	1
有人把这桩案子归咎于无政府主义，但是谋杀者始终没有抓到。	the case was blamed on anarchism , but the murderer never caught it .	1,0
我们并不怀疑，尽管是延误了，正义毕竟还是得到了伸张。	we do not doubt that , despite the delay , justice has been stretched out .	1
”不可能称心如意地把它看得那样简洁。它包括两个洲，关系到两群神秘的人，加上我们无比可敬的朋友斯考特·艾克尔斯的出现，促使案情进一步复杂化了，他的情况向我们表明，死者加西亚足智多谋，有良好的自卫本领。	it is impossible to think so succinctly : it consists of two continents , involving two mysterious groups of people , and the presence of our most admirable friend , Scott Achilles , further complicates the case , which shows us that the dead man , Cassia , was resourceful and had good self-defence .	1
你还有什么地方不明白吗？”	do you understand anything else ?	-3
这是从艾克曼著的《伏都教和黑人宗教》一书中摘出来的一段话：''虔诚的伏都教信徒无论干什么重要的事情，都要向他那不洁净的神奉献祭品。	this is a passage from Ekman &apos;s book Voldemort and Black Religion : &apos; the devout Voldemort worshippers , whatever their importance , must offer sacrifices to his unclean God .	1
可是，不幸的是，又不可能把耸人听闻和犯罪截然分开。笔者真是左右为难，要么必须牺牲那些对于他的叙述必不可少的细节，从而给问题加上一种虚构的印象，要么就得使用机缘而不是选择所得的材料。	unfortunately , however , it is not possible to separate the shrug from the crime ; the pen-writer is really hard on the right , either at the expense of the details essential to his account , thus giving the problem a false impression , or at the expense of the choice of the material .	1,1,1,1
我呢，我在印度工作过，练就了一身怕冷不怕热的本领，华氏九十度的气温也受得住。	as for me , I worked in India and practiced a cold , not afraid of the heat of the collar , the temperature of ninety degrees Fahrenheit also .	1
晨报枯燥无味。	the morning paper is dry .	1
人人都出城去了，我也想去新森林或者南海海滨，但银行存款已经用完，我只得把假日推迟。至于我的同伴，乡下和海边都引不起他丝毫兴趣。他愿意呆在五百万人的中心，把他的触角伸到他们中间，锐敏地探索需要侦破的每一个谣传和疑点。	everyone was out of town , and I wanted to go to the new forest or the coast of the South Sea , but I had to put off the holiday when the bank deposits were exhausted . as for my companion , neither the country nor the sea was interested in him . he was willing to stay in the centre of five million people , to reach out his tentacles to them , and to explore with keen interest every rumor suspicion that needed detection .	1
他的天赋虽高，却不会欣赏自然。只有当他把注意力从城里的坏分子转向乡下的恶棍时，他才到乡间去换换空气。	his talent was high , but he did not appreciate nature ; he only went to the country to change the air when he turned his attention from the city villains to the country villains .	1
看到福尔摩斯全神贯注，不想谈话，我把枯燥乏味的报纸扔在一边，靠在椅子上陷入沉思。	seeing Formos in full swing , and not wanting to talk , I threw the dull paper aside , leaning against the chair , and sank into meditation .	1
我喊道，”这真是出我意料。”看见我迷惑不解，他爽朗地笑了。“你记得，”他说。	&apos; I exclaimed , &apos; that was beyond my expectation . &apos; he laughed cheerfully at seeing me . &apos; you remember , &apos; he said .	-3
“不久前我给你读过爱伦·坡的一篇短文中的一段。	&quot; not long ago I read you a short passage from Ellen Poe .	1
里面有一个人把他同伴没有说出来的想法一一推论出来。你当时认为，这不过是作者的一种巧妙手法。	there was a man in it who put on the idea that his companion had not spoken , which , you thought , was only a clever technique of the author .	1
我说我也常常有同样的推理习惯，你听后表示不相信。”	I say I often have the same reasoning habit , and you don &apos;t believe it .	1
“哪里的话！”	&quot; what &apos;s the word ?	null
“你嘴里也许没有这样说，亲爱的华生，但是你的眉毛肯定是这样说的。	&quot; you may not have said so in your mouth , dear Watson , but your brow must have said so .	1
不过我还是很不满足。”	but I &apos;m not satisfied .	1
如果我没有记错，他的同伴被一堆石头绊了一跤，抬头望着星星，如此等等。	if I remember correctly , his companion stumbled over a heap of stones and looked up at the stars , such as this .	0
“你这可是冤枉你自己了。	you have wronged yourself .	null
你是怎样陷入沉思的，也许你自己也想不起来了吧？”	how do you sink into meditation , and perhaps you cannot think of yourself ?	1
“想不起来了。”	&quot; I can &apos;t think of it .	1
你扔下报纸，这个动作引起了我对你的注意。你毫无表情地坐了半分钟。	you threw down the newspaper and it caught my attention . you sat for half a minute without any expression .	1
不过想得不很远。	but not very far .	1
你的眼光又转到放在你书上的那张还没有配镜框的亨利·华德·比彻的照片上面。	your eyes turn to the unframed picture of Henry Ward Beecher on your book .	1
“到此为止，我还没有看清。	&quot; I haven &apos;t seen clearly so far .	1
你在回想比彻的战绩。我很清楚，这样你就一定会想到内战期间比彻代表北方所承担的使命，因为我记得，你认为我们的人民对他态度粗暴，对此你表示过强烈的不满。	you are thinking about Beecher &apos;s record , and I am sure you will think of the mission that Beecher undertook on behalf of the North during the Civil War , because I remember that you have expressed strong dissatisfaction with what you think of our people as being rude to him .	1
你对此事的感受是如此强烈，因此我知道，你一想到比彻就会想到这些。过了一会儿，我看见你的眼光离开了照片，我猜想你的思路现在已转到内战方面。我观察到你闭着嘴唇，眼睛闪闪发光，两手紧握着，这时我断定你是在回想那场殊死搏斗中双方所表现出来的英勇气概。	you felt so much about it that I knew you would think of it at the thought of Beecher , and after a moment I saw your eyes leave the picture , and I guessed that your thoughts were now in the midst of the Civil War .	null
你在思量悲惨、恐怖和无谓的牺牲。你的手伸向身上的旧伤痕，嘴角颤动着露出一丝微笑，这向我表明，你的思想已为这种可笑的解决国际问题的方法所占据。	your thoughts of misery , horror , and unspeakable sacrifice , your hand reaching to the old wounds of your body , and your lips flutter with a smile , show me that your thoughts are occupied by this smiling approach to solving international problems .	-1
“不过现在你已经解释过了，可是我承认，我还是和刚才一样不理解。”	&quot; but now you have explained it , but I admit I do not understand it as I did .	1
如果不是你那天表示有些不相信，我是不会用这件事来分散你的注意力的。	if it hadn &apos;t been for you to express some distrust that day , I wouldn &apos;t have diverted your attention from it .	1,1,1
“没有。我没有见到。”	&quot; no . I didn &apos;t see it .	1,1
库辛小姐拨开粗盐，吓了一大跳。她看见里面有两只显然是刚割下不久的人耳朵。	miss Cusin gave a big fright by pulling out the coarse salt . she saw two apparently freshly cut ears inside .	0
没有写明寄件人是谁。使问题更加神秘的是，库辛小姐是一位年已五十的老处女，过着隐居生活，来往友人和通信者甚少，平日难得收到邮包。	the question was made more mysterious by the fact that Miss Cousin was a fifty-year-old lady who lived in seclusion and had few friends and correspondence , and received the parcel on a daily basis .	1
但在几年前，当她卜居彭奇时，曾将几个房间出租给三个医学院学生。后因他们吵闹，生活又不规律，不得不叫他们搬走。	but a few years ago , when she was living in Pengqi , she rented several rooms to three medical college students , who had to be moved because of their noisy and irregular life .	1
我们正在竭力查清此事，但继续工作品感困难。我们自然已经电询贝尔法斯特邮局。但当天交寄的包裹极多，无法单一辨认或回忆寄件人姓名。	we are trying to find out about it , but it is difficult to continue our work . we have naturally consulted the Belfast Post Office . however , there were too many parcels sent that day to single out or recall the sender &apos;s name .	0
这是一只半磅装甘露烟草盒子，对我们毫无帮助。	it &apos;s a half-pound mannose-filled tobacco box that doesn &apos;t help us .	1
能不能不顾炎热跟我到克罗伊登走一趟，为你的记事本增加一页内容？”	can you go with me to Croydon and add a page to your Notepad despite the heat ?	0
我们上了火车之后，下了一阵雨。克罗伊登不象城里那样暑气逼人。	after we got on the train , there was a shower . Croydon was not as hot as the city .	1
“我说，这事我一无所知，向我提问又有什么用处？”	I said that I knew nothing about it , and what was the use of asking me questions ?	1
“我不怀疑，这件事已经够使你气恼的啦。”	I doubt it is enough to annoy you .	-3
我不愿意让这东西放在我这儿，雷斯垂德先生。	I don &apos;t want this to be with me , mr .	1
“涂过柏油。”“一点儿不错。	&quot; painted with tar .	1
“我看不出这有什么重要，”雷斯垂德说。	&quot; I can &apos;t see how important this is , &quot; said Lrespitude .	1
“重要就在于绳结原封未动。还有，这个绳结打得很不一般。”	&quot; the important thing is that the knot remains intact . and the knot is very unusual . &quot;	1,1
怎么，没有检查过？肯定没有检查过。地址的字写得很零乱：‘克罗伊登十字大街Ｓ·库辛小姐收。	what , not checked ? certainly not checked . the address was very messy : &apos; miss S Cusin , Croydon 10 Street .	1,1
这个包裹是个男人寄的——字体显然是男人的字体——此人受的教育有限，对克罗伊登镇也不熟悉。	the parcel was sent by a man , apparently a man &apos;s character , who had limited education and was not familiar with Croydon .	1
“你们当然都看到了，”他最后说，”这两只耳朵不是一对。”	&quot; you see , of course , &quot; he concluded , &quot; the ears are not two .	-1
“不错，我们注意到了。	&quot; yes , we have noticed .	0
可是，如果真是解剖室的学生们搞的恶作剧，那么，他们是很容易挑两只不成对的耳朵配对的。”	but if the students in the caesarean section play , they can easily pick two wrong ears .	0
但这不是一个恶作剧。”	but it &apos;s not a bad play .	-1
“根据推测，决不可能是恶作剧。	&quot; presumably , it &apos;s never a bad play .	1
这两只耳朵上没有这种痕迹。	there was no such trace on the ears .	1
是用一种很钝的工具割下来的。如果是学生干的，情况不会是这样。还有，学医的人只会用石碳酸或蒸馏酒精进行防腐，当然不会用粗盐。	it was cut off with a blunt tool . if it was done by students , that would not be the case . moreover , medical practitioners would only use stearic acid or distillation alcohol to prevent corruption , certainly not crude salt .	1,1
我再说一遍，这不是什么恶作剧，我们是在侦查一桩严重的犯罪案件。”	I repeat , this is not a bad play , we are investigating a serious crime case .	-1
这段冷酷的开场白似乎投下了某种奇异而不可名状的恐怖的阴影。	the cool opening appeared to cast some strange and inexplicable shadow of terror .	1
然而，雷斯垂德摇摇头，好象只是半信半疑。“毫无疑问，恶作剧的提法是说不过去的，”他说。“可是另外一种说法就更加不能成立了。	&quot; there is no doubt , &quot; he said , &quot; that the notion of a play is not going to go away , &quot; but the alternative is even more untenable .	-1,1
罪犯为什么偏要把犯罪的证据送给她呢？特别是，她同我们一样，对这件事所知不多，除非她是个极其高明的女演员。”	why did the criminal give her evidence of the crime ? in particular , she , like us , did not know much about it unless she was a very wise actress .	1
另一只是男人的，晒得很黑，已经变色，也穿过耳环。	the other , a man &apos;s , was very dark , had changed colour , and had crossed the earrings .	null
她本可以把耳朵一埋了事，谁也查不出来。	she could have buried her ear , and no one could have found it .	1
但是，如果她不想包庇他，她就会说出他的姓名。	but if she did not want to shield him , she would name him .	1
我想我不需要进一步向库辛小姐了解什么了。	I don &apos;t think I need to know anything further from Miss Cusin .	1
“先生，我深信，”她说。“这件事是一个误会，包裹根本就是想寄给我的。	&quot; sir , I believe it , &quot; she said . &quot; it was a mistake , and the package was simply intended for me .	null
据我所知，我在这个世界上没有敌人，为什么有人要这样捉弄我呢？”	as far as I know , I have no enemies in this world . why should anyone play such a trick on me ?	1
一瞬间，他急切的脸上显出惊异和满意的神色。当她抬起头来探索他不说话的原因时，他已经恢复了原来平静而认真的神态。	a moment later , a look of astonishment and satisfaction appeared on his eager face , and when she raised her head to explore the reasons for his silence , he returned to his calm and serious manner .	0
我仔细打量着她那光滑而灰白的头发，整洁的便帽，金色的小耳环和她那温和的面容，但是，使我的同伴那样激动的原因，我却没有看出来。	I measured her smooth , grey hair , her neat cap , the golden earrings , and her gentle face , but I did not see the reason for the excitement of my companion .	1
“啊，问题已经使我厌倦，”库辛小姐不耐烦地说。	&quot; ah , the problem has tired me , &quot; said Miss Cusin , unwearied .	-1
“进屋的那一刹那，我看见壁炉架上放着一张三位女士的合影照片。一位无疑是你本人，另外两位长得跟你极象，你们之间的关系是无须置疑的。”	&quot; as I entered the house , I saw a picture of three ladies on the mantelpiece , one of whom was no doubt you , and the other two who were so much like you , that there was no doubt about your relationship .	1
我看，当时她还没有结婚。”	I think she wasn &apos;t married yet .	1
拍这张照片的时候，他在南美洲航线上工作。可是他太爱她了，不肯长期离开她，于是就转到利物浦——伦敦这条航线的船上做事。”	when he took the picture , he worked on the South American line , but he loved her so much that he would not leave her for a long time , so he went to work on the Lippou-London ship .	1
“哦，大概是征服者号吧？”“不是。	Oh , probably the conqueror number ?	1
我上次听说是在五朔节号。	the last time I heard it was on the May Day .	null
嗨！他重新拿起了酒杯之后，日子就不好过了。	hi ! after he picked up the wine cup again , the day was over .	-3
开始，他不跟我来往，接着跟萨拉吵嘴，现在连玛丽也不写信了，我们不知道他们的情况怎么样了。”	at first he didn &apos;t talk to me , then to Sarah , and now Mary doesn &apos;t write , we don &apos;t know how they are .	-1,1,1
她告诉我们许多关于她那个当服务员的妹夫的情况，然后又把话题扯到了她原先的几个学医的学生房客身上，有关他们的问题谈了好半天，还告诉我们他们的姓名，在什么医院工作。福尔摩斯聚精会神地听着，一字不漏，不时提出问题。	she told us a lot about her sister-in-law as a waitress , and then talked about her former medical students , about them for half a day , and about their names and the hospital in which they worked .	-1
“既然你们两位都是未婚妇女，很奇怪你们怎么不住在一起。”	since both of you are unmarried women , it is strange that you should not live together .	1
“哎呀！如果你知道萨拉的脾气，你就不会感到奇怪了。	&quot; Oh , you wouldn &apos;t be surprised if you knew Sarah &apos;s temper .	1
我并不想说我的亲妹妹一句坏话，可是她老爱管闲事。这个萨拉很难伺候。”	I don &apos;t want to say a bad word about my sister , but she &apos;s always busy . this Sarah is hard to wait .	1
现在可好，她对吉姆·布朗纳没有一句好话。	now , she has no good word for Jim Browner .	1
她在这儿住的最后半年里，除了说他喝酒和爱耍各种手段外不说别的。	for the last half of the year she lived here , she said nothing but wine and all sorts of tricks .	1
再见。正如你所说，你被一件和你完全无关的事弄得苦恼不堪，我为此感到不安。”	good-bye . as you said , I was disturbed by a thing that had nothing to do with you .	1,0,0
车夫把马车停在一所住宅前面。这座房子和我们刚才离开的那座十分相似。	the carriage was parked in front of a house very similar to the one we had just left .	null
作为她的医药顾问，我不允许任何人前来见她。	as her medical consultant , I do not allow anyone to come to see her .	1
“好吧，不能见就不能见，”福尔摩斯高兴地说。	&quot; well , I can &apos;t see you , &quot; said Formos happily .	1,-3
“也许她不能也不会告诉你多少事情。”	maybe she can &apos;t and won &apos;t tell you much .	1,1
“我并不指望她告诉我任何事情。	&apos;i don &apos;t expect her to tell me anything .	1
车夫，送我们到一家好饭店去。我们到那儿去吃午饭，然后再上警察所拜访我们的朋友雷斯垂德。”我们一同吃了一顿愉快的便餐，吃的时候，福尔摩斯只谈小提琴，别的什么也不说。他兴致勃勃地叙述他是怎样买到他那把斯特拉地瓦利斯提琴的。那把提琴至少值五百个畿尼。他花了五十五个先令就从托特纳姆宫廷路的一个犹太掮客手里买了来。	we went there for lunch , and then went to the police to visit our friend , Rastende . &quot; we had a pleasant meal together , when Formos talked only about the little Tip , and said nothing . fifty-five orders were bought from a Jewish broker on the court road at Tottenham .	1
“我生平从来没有这样严肃过。	&apos;i have never been so serious .	1
你最快也要到明天晚上才能逮捕他。	you can &apos;t arrest him until tomorrow night .	null
说到这个案件，我倒希望你根本不要提到我的名字，因为我只想参与那些破案办法尚有困难的案子。走吧，华生。”	when it comes to this case , I &apos;d like you not to mention my name at all , because I just want to take part in those cases where the solution is difficult .	1
他做这种工作是安全可靠的，虽然他毫无推理能力，但一旦知道他该干些什么，他会象一头哈巴狗那样顽强地干下去的。确实，也正是这种犟劲，使得他得以在苏格兰场身居高位。”	it is safe and reliable for him to do such a job , and though he has no reasoning , he will do it as stubbornly as a haba once he knows what he should do .	1
“这么说，你这个案件还没有完成喽，”我问。	&quot; so you haven &apos;t finished your case , &quot; I asked .	1
我们已经知道这一罪恶事件的作案人是谁，尽管案中的一个受害者的情况我们还弄不清楚。	we already know who the perpetrators of this criminal incident were , although we are not aware of the case of a victim .	1
“可是，除了一些模糊的蛛丝马迹以外，别的我什么也看不出来。”	but I can &apos;t see anything but some vague traces .	1
“正好相反，我看是再清楚不过了。	&quot; on the contrary , I think it is quite clear .	null
你记得，我们接触这个案子的时候，心中完全无数。这往往是一个有利条件。	as you remember , when we came into contact with this case , we were completely numb . it was often an advantage .	-3
我们没有形成一定的看法。	we did not form a certain view .	1
一位非常温和可敬的女士，她好象并不想严守什么秘密。后来就是那张告诉我们她有两个妹妹的照片。	a very gentle and respectable lady , who did not seem to want to keep a secret , was later the picture of her two sisters .	1
“华生，你是医生，你知道，人体上任何部分都不象耳朵那样千差万别。	&quot; Watson , you are a doctor , you know , no part of the body is as different as the ears .	1
各人的耳朵各不相同，这是常理。	it is common that people have different ears .	0
从所有特征上看，简直是同一只耳朵。“我当然立即就知道这一发现极其重要。受害者是血缘亲属这一点是明显的，可能还是很近的关系。我开始同她谈起她的家庭，你记得吧，她立即就把一些极有价值的详细情况告诉了我们。“首先，她的妹妹叫萨拉，她的住址不久前一直是相同的，所以，误会从何而来，包裹是寄给谁的，这就很清楚了。	by all appearances , it was the same ear . &quot; I knew immediately , of course , that this discovery was extremely important . it was obvious , and probably very close , that the victim was a kinship . I began to talk to her about her family , you remember , she immediately told us some very valuable details . who ? that &apos;s clear .	1
后来一场争吵把他们分开，几个月来他们断绝了一切通信。所以，如果布朗纳要寄包裹给萨拉小姐，他当然会寄到她原来的旧址。	a quarrel broke them apart and for months they had cut off all correspondence , so if Browner wanted to send a parcel to Miss Sarah , of course he would have sent it to her old address .	null
“在这一阶段，显然也可能有第二种答案，而且，虽然我认为这根本不可能，可是我决定在继续下去之前把它说清楚。	&quot; there is clearly a second answer at this stage , and , although I don &apos;t think it is possible at all , I decided to make it clear before proceeding .	1
也许有一个失恋的情人谋杀了布朗纳夫妇，那只男人的耳朵可能就是丈夫的。	perhaps there was a lovelorn who murdered the Brownies , and the man &apos;s ears might be husband &apos;s .	null
当然，她可能告诉我们十分重要的情报，但我并不抱多大希望。	of course , she may tell us very important information , but I don &apos;t have much hope .	1
“然而，我们实际上并没依靠她的帮助。	&quot; however , we did not actually rely on her help .	1
没有什么比这更明确的了。	nothing is clearer than this .	1
等到布朗纳一到，他就会遇到迟钝但却是果断的雷斯垂德。我毫不怀疑，我们将会得悉全部详情。”	by the time Browner arrives , he will be met with a dull but decisive Stearby . I have no doubt that we will have all the details .	1
歇洛克·福尔摩斯的希望没有落空。	the hope of Sherlock Formos was not lost .	1
他刚一知道我的来意，就跳了起来。我吹响警笛，唤来两名守候在角落里的水警，但是他似乎并不介意，甘愿束手就擒。	as soon as he knew what I wanted , he jumped up , and I sounded the siren and called two policemen who were waiting in the corner , but he did not seem to mind , and was ready to be caught .	1
我们把他连同他的箱子一起带到密室里，以为箱子里会有什么罪证，但除了大多数水手都有的一把大尖刀之外，其他一无所有。	we brought him into the chamber with his box , thinking that there would be any crime in it , but nothing but a large sharp knife , which most water hands had .	1
然而我们发觉，我们并不需要更多的证据，因为带到警察所一经审讯，他就要求招供。	we felt , however , that we did not need more evidence , because once taken to the police station for questioning , he asked for an offer .	1
事实证明，不出我的预料，此案件极其简单。	the case proved to be extremely simple without my expectation .	-1
调查倒是很简单，”福尔摩斯说道。“不过，当他第一次邀请我们的时候，我并不认为他是那样想的。	the investigation was simple , &quot; said Formos ; &quot; but when he first invited us , I didn &apos;t think he thought so .	1
你可以把我绞死，也可以不管我。	you can hang me or leave me alone .	0
你们打我一顿也可以。	you can give me a beating .	null
我告诉你，自从我干了那件事以后，我睡觉的时候都没有闭过眼睛，也不会再闭上眼睛了，老是醒着。	I tell you that since I &apos;ve done that , I haven &apos;t closed my eyes when I sleep , and I won &apos;t close my eyes anymore .	1,1
他们老在我眼前，不是他就是她。	they &apos;re always in front of me , either he or she .	null
并非我要为自己洗刷。	not for myself .	1
但是，她会原谅我的，如果不是那个女人进了我家的门，她会和我紧密地在一起的，就象一根绳子套在一个滑轮上那样。	but she would have forgiven me , if it had not been for the woman to enter my door , she would have been closely with me , like a rope on a pulley .	1
我们在一起成了家，日子过得很幸福。整个利物浦没有一个女人比得上我的玛丽。	we were at home together , and we were very happy , and none of the women in Lippos compared to my Mary .	1
可是，只要小玛丽在的时候，我从来没有想到过她。我发誓，上帝饶恕我吧。	but I never thought of little Mary when she was . I swear , God forgive me .	1
有时候，她好象喜欢单独和我在一起，或是哄我和她一起出去走走，可我从来没有想到过那种事。	sometimes she seemed to like to be alone with me , or to coax me out with her , but I never thought of that .	1
我从船上回家，我妻子不在家，可萨拉在。”	I came home from the boat . my wife wasn &apos;t at home , but Sarah was .	1
我有点不耐烦，在房间里走来走去。”	I &apos;m a little tired of walking around the room .	0
五分钟不见玛丽就不高兴了，吉姆，”她说。	Mary won &apos;t be happy in five minutes , Jim , &apos; she said .	-2,1
“这么一会儿你都不愿意跟我在一起，我感到太不荣幸了。”“这没什么，姑娘，”我说着，善意地把手向她伸去，她立刻用双手握住我的手。她的两手热得象在发烧。	&quot; it &apos;s nothing , girl , &quot; I said , extending my hand to her in good faith , and she immediately clasped it with her hands , which were as hot as a fever .	1,1,1,l
不需要她说什么，也不需要我说什么。	I don &apos;t need anything she says , and I don &apos;t need anything .	1,1
她一言不语地在我身边站了一会儿，然后用手轻轻抚摸我的肩膀。”	she stood beside me for a moment without a word , and touched my shoulder with her hand .	1
我真傻，就这样让她跟我们住在一起，我真是个稀里糊涂的傻瓜。可是我没有向玛丽吐露一个字，因为我知道这样会使她伤心的。	it was silly of me to let her live with us , and I was such a fool ; but I did not say a word to Mary , for I knew it would hurt her .	1
她一天比一天古怪，一天比一天容易发脾气。没有任何原因，我们却有吵不完的嘴。	she is queer a day than a day , and easier to temper than a day .	1,1
现在，萨拉避开我，可是她和玛丽简直形影不离。	now Sarah shunned me , but she and Mary were barely apart .	1
我现在明白了，她是怎样去挑拨她，欺骗她，调唆她来和我作对。可是，我却近视得象个瞎子，当时竟没有看出来。	I now understood how she had seduced her , deceived her , and persuaded her to confront me ; but I looked so close that I did not see it .	1
后来我开了戒，又喝酒了，可是，如果玛丽象从前那样对待我，我是不会再喝酒的。	but if Mary treated me the way she used to , I wouldn &apos;t drink any more .	1
我不否认，他很有风趣。象他这样一个海员，举止那么斯文，我想他肯定在船上当过高级职员而不是一般水手。	I do not deny that he is very interesting ; a sea man like him , with such manners , I think he must have been an officer on board rather than a water hand .	1
有一个月他在我们家进进出出，我从来没想到过他那温和而机智的风度里藏有恶意。	he had been in and out of our house for a month , and I had never thought that there was malice in his gentle and intelligent manner .	1
有些事情终于使我产生了疑虑。从那天以后，我的平静就一去不复返了。	some things at last gave me some doubt , and since that day my peace has gone forever .	0
我偶然来到客厅，一进门时，我看见我妻子脸上露出欢迎的神色。	I came by chance to the inn , and as I entered the door I saw a welcome look on my wife &apos;s face .	null
她可能是把我的脚步声误认为是阿利克·费拜恩的了，不会是别人。	she might have mistaken my step for Alik Fabian , no one else .	1
“别这样，吉姆，别这样！”她说。”	come on , Jim , come on , she said .	0,0
“萨拉，”我一边说一边走进厨房。“再也不许费拜恩进我们家的门。”	&quot; Sarah , &quot; I said as I walked into the kitchen . &quot; never again shall Fabian enter our house . &quot;	1
“为什么不许？”她说。”	&quot; why not ? &quot; she said .	1
“要是我的朋友不配进你的屋，那我也不配啦。”	if my friend doesn &apos;t fit into your house , I won &apos;t .	1,1
我看她是被我的脸色吓坏了，因为她什么也没有说，当天晚上就离开了我的家。	I think she was frightened by my face , for she said nothing and left my house that night .	1
唔，究竟只是这个女人的魔法呢，还是她认为唆使我妻子去胡搞，就可以让我和我的妻子作对到现在我也不知道。	weII , is it just the magic of this woman , or does she think that abetting my wife to go crazy can make me and my wife right so far I don &apos;t know .	1
玛丽多久去一次，我不知道。有一天，我跟在她后面，我闯进门去，费拜恩跳后花园的墙跑了，象只吓破了胆的臭鼬鼠。	I did not know how often Mary went , and one day I followed her , and I broke into the door , and Fabian jumped off the back garden wall , like a stinky weasel , frightened only by his guts .	1
我们再也没有丝毫爱情。	we have no love at all .	1
呃，萨拉眼看在利物浦住不下去，就回去了。据我所知，她到克罗伊登和她姐姐住去了。我家里的事情还是照旧这样拖下去。	well , Sarah went back , seeing that she could not stay at Lycopp . to my knowledge , she went to Croydon to live with her sister . things in my house continued as usual .	1
正在这时候，一辆马车从旁边驶过。她就在马车里，坐在费拜恩身边。两个人有说有笑，根本没有想到我，这时我正站在人行道上注视着他们。	at this moment a carriage drove by . she was in the carriage , sitting next to Fabian . the two men laughed and did not think of me , and I was standing on the aisle watching them .	1
我对你们说，请你们相信，从那会儿起，我就不能控制自己了。现在回想起这件事来，真象一场噩梦。	I say to you , believe that since then I have not been able to control myself ; it is a terrible dream to recall this .	1
呃，我悄悄过去追着那辆马车。我手里拿着一根沉重的橡木手杖，眼睛都起得冒出火来啦。跑的时候我也学乖了，稍微在后面离远一点，这样我能看见他们，他们却看不见我。	well , I stealthily went after the carriage . I had a heavy oak wand in my hand , and my eyes were bursting with fire . I also learned to run , a little farther behind , so that I could see them , but they could not see me .	1
售票处周围，人群熙熙攘攘，所以我离他们很近，他们也发现不了我。	there was a lot of people around the ticket office , so I was close to them and they couldn &apos;t find me .	1
抵达以后，他们沿着阅兵场走去，我离他们总是不超过一百码。	when they arrived , they walked along the parade , and I was never more than a hundred yards away from them .	1
天气有点雾，几百码以外看不见人。	the weather was a bit foggy and no one could be seen for hundreds of yards .	1
我可以隐隐约约地看见他们的小船，但他们的船走得和我的船差不多一样快，我要是不赶上去，他们肯定离岸一英里了。	I could vaguely see their little ship , but it was as fast as mine , and if I did not catch it , they must have been a mile off the shore .	1
我整理了一下我的衣服，上岸回到我的船上，神不知鬼不觉，谁也不会猜疑出了什么事了。	I tidied up my clothes and came back to my boat on the shore . no one could have guessed anything .	1,-3
你们可以绞死我，可以随便怎么样处置我，但是，你们不能用我已经受到过的惩罚来惩罚我。	you can hang me and do whatever you like , but you cannot punish me with the punishment I have already received .	1
我不能闭上眼睛，一闭上眼睛就出现那两张脸盯着我——就象当我的小船穿过雾气的时候，他们盯着我的那种样子。	I could not close my eyes , and as soon as I closed my eyes there were those two faces staring at me , as they did when my little boat went through the fog .	1
你不会把我一个人关进牢房里吧，先生？	you &apos;re not going to put me in jail alone , sir ?	1
可怜我，别这样，但愿你们现在对待我就象你们在痛苦的日子里受到的对待一样。	pity me , don &apos;t do that , but may you treat me now as you have done in painful days .	1
一定是有某种目的的，否则，我们这个宇宙就是受偶然所支配的了，这是不可想象的。	there must be something to do with it , or our universe is by chance , unthinkable .	1
是有这样一个人的理智远远无法解答的永远存在的大问题。”	there is always a big question whose reason is far from answering .	0
“哦，瓦伦夫人，我感觉不到有何特殊的缘由让你如此伤神；我那么珍惜时间，怎能有空管你这件事呢？	&quot; Oh , Mrs. Wallen , I don &apos;t feel any special reason why you are so hurt ; how can I cherish time so much that I can manage you ?	1
她不作丝毫的退步。	she made no step back .	1
“哦，没错，没错------那是一件一点也不复杂的事情。”	&quot; Oh , yes , yes -- that &apos;s not a complicated matter at all .	1
“但是他总是没完没了地讲，说您一定可以帮忙，福尔摩斯先生，听说你无论多么纷繁复杂的事情都可以办得清清楚楚。	&quot; but he always said , without end , that you could help , Mr. Formos , when he heard that you could do everything , no matter how complicated .	1
所以，每当我有想不通、弄不明白的事情时，他的话就在我的耳边回荡。	so , whenever I have something I can &apos;t understand or understand , his words reverberate in my ear .	-1,1
我想抽支烟，你没意见？	I want a cigarette . do you mind ?	0
你的房客一直未出过屋子，你就因为总见不到他而烦恼，对？可这又有什么大不了的呢，上帝会带给你好运的，瓦伦太太，假如我是你的房客，同样会接着几个礼拜都见不到我的人影。”“那没什么奇怪，福尔摩斯先生，但是这次的情况有些特殊。	your housekeeper has never been out of the house , and you are vexed at not seeing him , right ? but what &apos;s the big deal ? God will bring you good luck , Mrs. Warren , and if I were your housekeeper , I would not see my figure for weeks .	1,1,1
我甚至晚上都无法入眠。	I can &apos;t sleep even at night .	1
除了他从一清早到三更半夜匆匆忙忙的脚步声外，再也见不到别的------我真的忍受不住。	there was nothing he could see -- I could not bear it -- except the rush of his feet from the morning to the third and the next .	1,1
我的丈夫与我一样也是非常害怕，但是，他常常不在家，在外边工作，可是我呢，就天天在家里呆着。	my husband was as frightened as I was , but he was often absent and working outside , but I stayed at home every day .	0
他有什么见不得人的事呢？	what &apos;s wrong with him ?	-3
在别人需要的时候，他劝慰的力量如同催眠术一样，瓦伦太太就是如此，她充满惧怕的目光消失了，害怕的神情也没有了，一切都回到了常态。	when others needed it , his power of persuasion was like hypnosis , as was the case with Mrs. Wallen , whose fear-stricken eyes disappeared , and the fear-stricken spirits were gone , and everything returned to its normal state .	1
关键的东西或许就是那些最不起眼的细节，你曾说过，这个神秘的人来到这里已是十天之前的事，一来就将房租费和伙食费付给你两个礼拜？”	what is at stake is perhaps the least striking detail , as you have said , that this mysterious man came here ten days ago and paid you the rent and food for two weeks ?	0
有一个不大的客厅和一个卧室，什么东西都不缺，在这座楼的最上边一层。”	there is a small hostel and a bedroom , and nothing is missing , on the top floor of the building .	0,1
我是一个没有钱的女人，福尔摩斯先生，我丈夫挣的钱也不多，所以我把钱看得非常重。	I am a woman without money , Mr. Formos , and my husband does not earn much , so I look at it very heavily .	1,1
‘假如你可以不违背我的规矩，我能在以后相当长的日子中每两个礼拜给你这么多钱。	if you would not break my rules , I would give you so much money every two weeks for a long time to come .	1
’他说，‘反之，我则不可以将就你。	&apos; he said , &apos; conversely , I shall not be with you .	1
不过这并不奇怪，其他的房客们经常是如此。	but that &apos;s not surprising , as is often the case with other housekeepers .	1
另外的一个规矩是，必须给他绝对的空间，任何人都不可以用任何理由去烦他。”	another rule is that he must be given absolute space , and no one can bother him for any reason .	1
“这当中不会有什么隐密？”	there is nothing hidden in it ?	1
“按道理讲，应该不会有。	&apos;not , by the way .	1
但是这一切却不存在任何道理。	but there is no reason .	1
他在我家呆了十来天，我和我的丈夫以及那个小女孩都未见到他一次。夜间、清晨、中午，只听见他匆匆忙忙来回走动的脚步声。就是第一天晚上例外，以后就再也没出过门半步。”	he stayed at my house for ten days , and neither I nor my husband nor the little girl saw him once . at night , in the morning , and at noon , he was heard only as he hurried back and forth . the first night was the exception , and there was no further half-step .	1,1
他刚搬过来的时候，就对我讲过，让我晚上不要把大门闩上，因为他会回来得非常晚。	when he first moved in , he told me not to bolt the big door at night , for he would come back very late .	1
“没错，福尔摩斯先生，绝对是铅字体，而且是用铅笔写的，并且只留一个词语，不会有其他什么。	&quot; yes , Mr. Formos , it was definitely a lead character , and it was written with a pencil , and there was only one word , and nothing else .	1
“我的天啊，华生，”福尔摩斯说道，非常吃惊地注视着那几张房东太太给他的大纸片。“这确实有些奇怪。	&quot; Oh , my God , Watson , &quot; said Formos , looking with great surprise at the large pieces of paper which the landlady had given him .	null
总呆在屋子里不出去，我不觉得有什么，可是为何要用铅字体书写呢？	I don &apos;t think there &apos;s anything in it , but why write it in lead ?	-3,1
为何不按正常的书写方法？	why not follow normal writing methods ?	1
“很明显，他不想让别人知道他的笔迹。”	&quot; obviously , he doesn &apos;t want anyone to know his handwriting .	1
他的字让房东太太看了，对他有何不利吗？	his words have been read by the landlady .	-3
“我也不知道。”	I don &apos;t know .	1
书写的笔也非常特殊，紫颜，笔头非常粗，你瞧，纸条是写完后撕下的，因此‘香皂’这个词中间的‘s’撕掉了一些。这能说明一些什么，华生？”	the writing pen is also very special , purple face , the pen is very thick , you see , the paper is written and torn , so the words &apos; s &apos; in the middle of the word &apos; soap &apos; has torn some .	null
现在。	now .	null
瓦伦太太，你曾说这个人身体不高不矮，皮肤黝黑，留着胡子。	Mrs. Warren , you said this man was not tall , dark , and had a beard .	1,-3
“年龄不是很大，福尔摩斯先生，三十岁以内。”	&quot; not very old , Mr. Formos , under thirty .	1
“嗯，你还能谈些其他的事情吗？”	&quot; well , can you talk about something else ?	null
“从他的口音，我觉得他不是本国人，但是他的英语讲得非常棒。”	&quot; from his voice , I don &apos;t think he &apos;s a native , but he speaks English very well .	1
我感觉不到有何特殊------总是一身黑的衣服。”	I don &apos;t feel anything special -- it &apos;s always black .	1
“他告诉过你他的名字吗？”	did he tell you his name ?	null
“从未提过，福尔摩斯先生。”	never mentioned , Mr. Formos .	1
“他收到过信件或与其他的人有来往吗？”	&quot; has he ever received a letter or any other person ?	null
“从未有过。”	never before .	1
“你和那个小女孩，难道没去过他的屋子？”	haven &apos;t you been to his house with that little girl ?	1
“从来没进去过，侦探先生，一切都是他亲自打理的。”“嗬？	he never went in , detective , and took care of everything himself .	1
“他有一只棕的非常大的手提包，此外，没有任何其他的东西。”	&quot; he has a very large brown handbag and nothing else .	1
“哦，由此可见，对我们有利的资料并不多。	&quot; well , as can be seen from this , there is not much information in our favour .	1
你是说他从他居住的屋子里从未拿出任何东西------什么也没有吗？”	you mean he never took anything out of his house -- nothing ?	1,1
“这中间看不出什么，”他说。“火柴显然是点香烟用的，因为这火柴棒都快燃尽。	&quot; nothing can be seen in the middle , &quot; he said ; &quot; it is evident that the wood is for a cigarette , because it is almost burnt out .	1
“对于此我便不太明白。	&quot; I don &apos;t quite understand that .	1
我想，脸上满是胡子的人是不可能把烟吸成这个样子的。	I don &apos;t think a man with a beard on his face could have sucked the smoke like that .	1
“不可能。烟头早就被嘴衔破了。	&quot; it &apos;s impossible . the cigarette had its mouth broken .	1
瓦伦太太，我想屋子里不可能还有另外一个人？”	Mrs. Warren , I don &apos;t think there can be another person in the house ?	1
“绝对没有，福尔摩斯先生。	&apos;no , Mr. Formos .	1
不过，你也没必要担心什么，你得到了他的房钱，即使他有些古怪，但也是一个挺安静的房客。	but you don &apos;t have to worry about anything , you get his house money , even if he &apos;s a little weird , but he &apos;s a quiet guest .	1
他给你的租钱也不少，就算他对你隐藏了什么，与你又有什么直接的牵连呢？我们任何人都没有权力去管别人的隐私，除非我们有证据确定他有犯罪的可疑性。	he gives you a lot of rent , even if he hides something to you and has a direct connection with you ? no one of us has the power to regulate the privacy of others unless we have evidence that he is suspected of having committed a crime .	1,1
不过此事我既然接手，我也不可能搁着不管。	but since I take it , I can &apos;t leave it .	1,0
“不过，或许并不是什么大不了的事，只不过是个人的嗜好，不过也许事情的内幕还更奇特。我有一种感觉，而且非常明显，住在房东太太家的或许是两个人。”	&quot; but it may not be a big deal , but it may be a good personal affair , but it may be even more curious . I have a feeling , and quite obviously , that it may be two people who live in the house of the landlady . &quot;	1
“你为何有这样的想法？”“嗯，我们见到的只有那个烟头，但是这个房客租下房子以后立刻到外边去了一次，并且仅仅一次而已，难道不可以从这之中发现一些什么吗？	&quot; why do you think so ? &quot; &quot; well , we saw only the cigarette end , but the housekeeper immediately went out of the house , and only once .	1
他返回时------也许可以说，那个人返回时------没有任何人见过他。	when he returned -- perhaps when that person returned -- no one had seen him .	1
那个返回的人是不是租房的那个人，谁也无法证明。	no one can prove that the returned man was the tenant .	1
我能够想到，这个字是照着字典写下来的。因为字典中没有复数，只有名词。	I can think that this word is written according to the dictionary , because there is no number in the dictionary , only the noun .	-1
肯定是他不会英语，所以才用这种简洁且笨的方法。	it must be that he can &apos;t speak English , so he uses this simple and stupid method .	1
“天啦，”他边看着书中的内容边说道。“真是一个无病呻吟、乱叫和白话的大荟萃！	&quot; Oh , my God , &quot; he said , looking at the contents of the book ; &quot; it is a great gathering of moans , moans and white words !	-3
可是这一定给那些特殊的学者们创造了最可贵的猎场！	but it must have created the most expensive hunting grounds for special scholars !	null
这个人总是独来独往，他如果与别人书信来往，就会暴露他自己的秘密。	this man is always alone , and his own secrets will be revealed by his correspondence with others .	null
除此之外没有别的途径。庆幸的是我仅调查一份报纸就行了。	there &apos;s no other way . fortunately , I &apos;m just investigating a newspaper .	1
‘王子溜冰娱乐城围黑羽毛丝巾的小姐’------这没必要关心。	&apos;young lady with black plumes around the prince &apos;s skating and entertainment town &apos; -- it doesn &apos;t have to be concerned .	1
‘吉米绝对不可能让他妈妈悲痛的’------这对我们没用。	&quot; it &apos;s absolutely impossible for Jimmy to grieve his mother &quot; -- it &apos;s useless for us .	1,1
‘假如在布里克斯顿的公共汽车上昏倒的那位小姐’------这对我们也没用。‘假如这颗破碎的心天天都在祈求------’胡扯，华生------都是胡扯！	&apos;suppose the lady who fainted on the bus in Brixton &apos; -- that would be useless to us . &apos; if the broken heart were begging every day -- &apos; nonsense , Watson -- it would be nonsense !	1
这个奇怪的房客也许会英语，虽然他不能写英语。	this strange housekeeper may be able to speak English , though he cannot write it .	1
这之后的一个礼拜没有任何东西。这儿就讲得非常明白：	there was nothing in the week after this , and it was very clear here :	1
‘一切已畅通无阻。	everything has gone smoothly .	0
这是昨日的报纸上刊登的。今日的报纸上没有任何东西。	there is nothing in today &apos;s paper .	1
华生，只要我们还等一段时间，我想一切情况都会越来越清楚的。”	Watson , as long as we wait a while , I think everything will become clearer .	null
“我真的忍无可忍！	&quot; I can &apos;t bear it !	1
他必须在七点钟之前到工作点去。天啦，今天清晨，他刚到门外，向前走了几步，两个人从他身后窜出来，把他的头用一件衣服包了起来，就拖到路边的一辆马车之中。	he had to go to work before seven o &apos;clock , and , as soon as he reached the door this morning , he walked a few steps forward , and two men ran out behind him , wrapped his head in a garment , and dragged him into a carriage by the road .	null
他被扔在马路上，差点吓得没命。到底发生了什么事，他也不清楚。当他缓缓地从地上爬起来之后，才发现自己在汉普斯特德的一块空地上。他乘马车一回家就睡着了，现在还在沙发上睡着。”	he was thrown on the road , frightened to death . he did not know what had happened . when he slowly climbed up from the ground , he found himself on an empty spot in Hampstead . he went home in a horse-car and fell asleep now in the sand .	1
“都没有，他被吓得头脑不清。	&quot; no , he was scared out of his head .	1,0
“唉，我们在这里都生活了整整十五年，像这样的事情从未发生过。	&quot; well , we &apos;ve lived here for fifteen years , and nothing like that ever happened .	1
再多的钱又有什么用呢？日落之前，让他们都搬走。”	what &apos;s the use of more money ? let them all move before the fall .	null
不要太冲动。我现在觉得这件事或许要比当初我想象的情况复杂多了。	don &apos;t be so impulsive . I think it may be more complicated than I thought .	1
后来看见不是，又把你丈夫放了。	then you see no , you let your husband go .	1
如果他们抓的人是对的，那么他们到底又想做什么呢？我们仅能猜想而已。”	if they catch the right people , what do they want to do ? we can only guess .	null
“我不知该如何安排，或许只能你去硬闯。	&apos;i don &apos;t know how to arrange it .	1
福尔摩斯得意地笑着，并指着那排公寓住宅中的一幢房子，他对房子的设计式样最熟悉不过了。	Formos smiled pleasantly , pointing to one of the apartments in which he was most familiar with the design .	null
’信号位置没错。	the signal position is correct .	0
我们还未整理好的时候，对面那位神秘的房客的铃声就传到了我们的耳中，这时瓦伦太太刚离去不久。	before we were finished , the bell of the mysterious housekeeper opposite came to our ears , when Mrs. Wallen had just left .	0,0
没过多久，房东太太也端着盘子过来了。她将盘子搁在紧闭着的门外边的一个凳子上边，然后将脚踏得非常响地下楼去了。	shortly afterwards , the landlady came with the plate , which she laid on a stool near the closed door , and went down very loudly .	0
我们都扒在门角旁边，目不转睛地凝视着那面镜子。	we were all staring at the mirror by the corner of the door .	0
当房东太太的脚步声没有了之后，忽然钥匙转动的声音响起了，门开了一条缝，从里边快速地伸出一双纤细的手，拿走了凳子上放着的盘子。没过多久，盘子又放了回来。	when the landlady &apos;s feet were gone , suddenly the key turned and the door opened , and a pair of slender hands quickly reached out from the inside and took the plate from the bench .	0,1,l
然后，快速地关上门并紧紧地锁上，又像什么也没有发生过一样。	then quickly shut the door and lock it tightly , as if nothing had happened .	1
“你知道了，我的推断都没错，”他躺在安乐椅中说着。“房客换了人。	&quot; you see , my reasoning is correct , &quot; he said , lying in his chair .	0
我没有想到的是，我们看见的竟是一个女人，而是一个非常特殊的女人，华生。”	I didn &apos;t think we saw a woman , but a very special woman , Watson .	1
他在处理重要的事时，想让女的没有一点点危险。	when he was dealing with important things , he wanted the woman to be free from any danger .	0
问题非常复杂，但是他采用解决问题的方式非常独特，成效非常好，甚至给她送饭的房东太太也不知道这中间的秘密。	the problem was very complex , but the way he was solving it was very unique and effective , and even the landlady who had given her a meal did not know the secret .	1
男的不可以靠近女的，是因为那样会让敌人发现。	a man cannot be near a woman because it will be discovered by the enemy .	1
他只能间接和她联系，所以就利用了寻人广告栏。”	he can only get in touch with her indirectly , so he takes advantage of the search billboard .	null
我们绝对能这样讲：这不可能是简单的情感问题。	we can absolutely say that this is not a simple emotional issue .	1
恐慌和竭尽全力不让机密外泄都足以说明这是一件有关生死存亡的大事。	panic and every effort to keep secrets out is enough to say that this is a matter of survival .	-3
绑架瓦伦先生再次说明，包括敌人自己，无论他们是什么人，也同样不知那位男房客变为了女房客，这是一件特别奇怪繁杂的事情，华生。”	the abduction of Mr. Wallen made it clear again that it was a particularly strange and complicated matter , including the enemy himself , no matter who they were , that the male housekeeper had become a female housekeeper .	-3
“当然啦，为何不这样呢？	&quot; of course , why not ?	1
当你治病的时候，你绝对不会想着医药费的事情，而是想着病人的病情是吗！”	when you treat a disease , you will never think about the cost of medicine , but about the patient &apos;s condition ?	1
“是的。”“这就是了，华生。	that &apos;s it , Watson .	null
虽然它里边没有现钱也没有存款，可是我们仍要把它调查个水落石出。	although it has no cash and no deposit , we still have to check it out .	1,1
我们又到了瓦伦太太家，这个时候，正是黄昏，伦敦的冬天越发朦胧，像一片灰的大屏障，仅有窗子上透亮的黄方玻璃和昏黄的灯光才调和了一下没有一点生气的单调颜。	we reached Mrs. Wallen &apos;s house again , at a time when it was yellow and fainter in winter in London , like a large gray screen , and only the bright yellow-square glass and the faintly yellow light on the windows had reconciled a blush .	-3
我们在寓所一间没有光亮的房间中，注视着外边的一切。一束暗淡的灯光又在昏暗之中高高地燃起。	in our apartment , in a room without light , we watched everything on the outside , and a dark beam of light lit up high in the gloom .	1
没晃了。该不会是完了，华生？	it won &apos;t be over , Watson ?	1,1
attenta没有任何意思呀。或者是两个字------atten，ta，这同样没有任何意思呀。或许t、a分别是某个人名字的简写。	no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .	null
他又没晃了！	he &apos;s gone !	-3
晃完了。	it &apos;s over .	null
他已不在窗口。	he is no longer in the window .	1
我的朋友忽然有所领悟地笑了。“并非是什么深奥的密码，华生，”他说道。	&quot; it &apos;s not a profound code , Watson , &quot; he said .	1
“我觉得你说的一点也没错。”	&quot; I think you &apos;re right .	0
“不用说。	&quot; it goes without saying .	null
我们又发现一个蹲着的人不清晰的侧影。当信号再次发出的时候，窗口又来回晃动着那点小火苗。	we found a squatted man &apos;s unclear silhouet.When the signal came out again , the window swayed the little flame again .	1
而且比前几次晃得更快，快得差不多无法记下。	and it &apos;s faster than the last few times , it &apos;s almost impossible to remember .	1
灯光一下子熄灭，放光的窗子也没有，这幢大厦的第四层楼变成了一条黑带子，但其他的各层楼则是灯火通明。	the lights were extinguished and the windows were not lighted , and the fourth floor of the building became a black band , but the other floors were illuminated .	1
我看此事我必须与警察局合作------但是，时间不够，我们不能走开。”	I think I have to work with the police -- but there &apos;s not enough time to go away .	1,0
在楼顶的一个窗口，模糊可见有一个头影，一个女人的头影。害怕且木然地看着远处的黑夜，正在急切地期盼着忽然消失的信号再次开始。	at one of the windows on the roof of the building , a shadow of a head , a woman &apos;s head , was vaguely visible .	null
“我确实无法想象你是如何知晓此事的。”	I really can &apos;t imagine how you knew it .	1
不过你正在调查此案，应该早就策划好啦，我想我们在这也是多余的。”	but you are investigating the case , and you should have planned it early , and I think we are superfluous here .	null
“我想对你说句真心话，福尔摩斯先生，只有你与我一起办理案子，我心中才有踏实感，而且每次都如此，这幢屋子只有一处出口，所以他插翅也难飞。”	I want to say a word of truth to you , Mr. Formos , and I have a sense of certainty in my heart that you are the only one to handle the case with me , and every time this house has only one outlet , so he can &apos;t fly in his wings .	null
他是五十件惨案的主要凶手，我们早就知道，但是我们找不到捕获他的方法。	he was the main perpetrator of fifty tragedies , as we knew , but we could not find a way to catch him .	1
“我与葛莱森先生一直跟到了空上大公寓，这儿仅有一个出口，他插翅也难飞。	&quot; I followed Mr. Gleason all the way to the empty apartment , where there was only one exit , and where he could not fly .	null
他进去以后，从里边走出的只有三个人，不过我可以保证，他绝对不在那三个人中间。”	when he entered , there were only three men out there , but I can assure him that he was not among them at all .	1
“我想，与以前一样，他知道了我们所不清楚的许多情况。”	&quot; I think , as before , he knows a lot of things we don &apos;t know .	1
“可是我们没有逮捕证。”“他是在起了疑心的情形之下，藏到没有人住的房间中，”葛莱森说。	&quot; but we have no proof , &quot; said Gleason , hiding in a room where no one lives under suspicion .	1,1
当我们仍在守着他时，我们能和纽约警方商量商量，看能否协助我们拘留他。	while we were still watching him , we could negotiate with the New York police to see if we could help us detain him .	null
我们警方侦探在智力上也许有些缺陷，可是在勇气方面绝对不是那样的。葛莱森已经到楼上去捕获那个罪魁祸手去了。他那一幅永远沉着且精明的面孔依然如故。也就是这样的一幅面孔，他在伦敦警察厅的官场上一步一步地上升着。	our police detective may be somewhat intellectually flawed , but not at all in terms of courage . Gleason has gone upstairs to catch the guilty man . his always heavy and clear face remains the same . it is a face that he ascends step by step at the London Police Office .	1
那个从平克顿来的人曾想超过他，但是葛莱森早就下定决心绝不落后。	the man from Pinkerton wanted to overtake him , but Gleason had long been determined not to lag behind .	1
地板上并没有铺地毯，但有一条鲜红的血印。	there was no carpet on the floor , but there was a red blood print .	1
这些对你而言已经足够。”“不是非常足够，福尔摩斯先生，伦敦有几百万人呢。”	that &apos;s enough for you . &quot; &quot; not very enough , Mr. Formos , there are millions of people in London . &quot;	1
“或许不是非常足够。	&apos;Perhaps not enough .	1
她得意忘形地在屋子里边跳着舞，并拍着手，黑的眸子中呈现出既吃惊又快乐的目光，嘴中不断地叨唠着意大利语中优美的感叹词句。	she danced in the room , and clapped her hands , her eyes in the dark with astonishment and joy , and her lips were continually babbling with the beautiful words of the Italian language .	0
真的吗？”“太太，你的密码并非很难。	&quot; really ? &quot; Madam , your password is not difficult .	1
“我不懂，你是如何知道这一切的，”她说。“奎塞佩·乔吉阿诺------他是如何----，”	&quot; I don &apos;t understand , how you know all this , &quot; she said . &quot; Queseppe Jogiano -- how he is , &quot;	1
“喂，卢卡夫人，”觉得无聊的葛莱森说道，伸出一只手将这个女人的衣袖拉着，没有一点点感情，好像他抓着的就是诺丁希尔的女流氓一样。“你是什么人，你是做什么的，我全不十分明白；但是据你所说，事情已经非常明白，我们要带你去警察局一趟。”	&quot; say , Madame Luka , &quot; said Gleason , feeling bored , holding out a hand to hold the woman &apos;s sleeve , as if he were holding the populace of Nottingshire . &quot; who are you , and what do you do , I do not quite understand ; but as you say , it is quite clear that we will take you to the police station . &quot;	-3,1
可是，假如你觉得他杀人的目的不是想触犯法律，是由于他想调查清楚真凶的话，这样把所有的细节都告诉我们就是你帮助他的最好办法。”	but if you think that the purpose of his killing is not to break the law , but to investigate the culprit , then tell us all the details is the best way to help him .	1
“只要乔吉阿诺死了，我们也就没什么可怕的，”这位夫人说。	&quot; if only Giogiano died , we would have nothing to fear , &quot; said the lady .	1
“他是一个可恶的恶魔。我丈夫将他杀死了，世上的任何法官都不可以因此而判我丈夫的罪。”	&quot; he is a wicked evil . my husband has killed him , and no judge in the world can convict my husband for it . &quot;	1
她的英语不是十分标准，但是说得非常快且流利。为了更加明白一些，我只有作必要的语法修改。	her English is not very standard , but she speaks very quickly and fluently . to get a better understanding , I have to make the necessary grammatical changes .	1
他既无金钱也无权势，他几乎一无所有，仅有漂亮的面孔，大的力气和年轻的活力------因此我爸爸不同意我们的婚事。	he has neither money nor power ; he has almost nothing , only beautiful faces , great strength , and youthful vigor -- so my father disagrees with our marriage .	1,1
这已是四年前的事，在那之后，我们没有离开过纽约。	it was four years ago , after which we did not leave New York .	1
卡斯塔洛蒂先生没有太太，我敢说，他把根纳罗当作了他的儿子，我和我的丈夫都非常尊敬他，几乎也把他当作了我们的爸爸。	Mr. Castilotti has no wife , and I dare say that he regards Gennaro as his son , and my husband and I respect him very much , almost as our father .	1
我们买了一所小住宅，在布鲁克林，我们的命运似乎不会再有什么风雨。可就在这时，乌云一下子出现在我们的上空，并瞬间将我们的天空布满。	we bought a small house , and in Brooklyn our fate seemed to have no more storm , but just then the clouds appeared over us and filled our sky in an instant .	1
说话时，他摆动庞大的手臂，在我家的房子中都无法伸展。	as he spoke , he moved his huge arms and could not reach out in my house .	1
他说话时，非常有力，就像在嚎叫，别人也只能呆呆地听他不停歇地演说。	he spoke with great force , like howling , and people could only listen to him without pause .	1
但是我明白，根纳罗同样讨厌他。我丈夫呆呆地坐在那里，样子十分无奈，脸上没有一点颜，听我们的客人说话时，没有一点精神。他说的全是胡言乱语，什么对政治和社会问题没完没了地演说。	but I understand that Gennaro also hates him . my husband is sitting there in a dullness , a lack of face , a lack of spirit when he listens to our guests . he speaks nonsense , and has nothing to do with political and social issues .	-1,1,-3
根纳罗没有说一句话，我呢，是非常明白他的。我从他脸上看出了一种以前从未见过的表情。	Gennaro did not say a word , and I knew him very well , and I saw an expression on his face which I had never seen before .	1,1
开始时，我想是厌恶。	at first I thought it was disgusting .	null
一段时间之后，我渐渐清楚，不光是厌恶。	after a while , I became aware that not only is disgust .	null
那天夜里，也就是我发现他害怕的那天夜里，我搂着他，恳求他看在我们相爱的情份上对我叙说一切，为何这个大块头把他搞成今天这个样子。	that night , the night I found him afraid , I held him in my arms , and begged him to tell me all in our affections , why this great man had made him this way .	null
我可怜的丈夫啊，在那倒霉的日子中，全世界都与他作对，他差不多被这不公平的生活给逼疯了。就在那段时间中，他加入了那不勒斯一个名叫红圈会的团体。是老烧炭党的同盟。	my poor husband , who , in that moldy day , was almost driven mad by the injustice of his life , joined a group called the Red Circle , an ally of the old charcoal party .	1
这个团体有着非常恐怖的誓约和机密，只要加入其中就别想再退出。	the group has very horrible pledges and secrets , so long as it joins it , it will not want to quit .	null
我们躲到美国时，我丈夫还想着与他们再不会有牵连。	when we took refuge in the United States , my husband thought he would never have anything to do with them .	1
有一天夜间，他在大街上遇见了一个人------就是在那不勒斯介绍他加盟那个团体的大个子------乔吉阿诺。在意大利南部，别人都称他为‘死亡’，因为他杀的人不可计数，真算得上是一个刽子手！	one night he met a man in the street -- a large part of the group that had introduced him to the League in Naples -- Giogiano , who was called dead in southern Italy , for he had killed countless people , and was indeed an executioner !	1
他来我家时，根纳罗还未回来。	when he came to my house , Gennaro had not returned .	1
他把我丈夫打昏，夺门而出，从那以后他就再也没来过我们家。	he knocked my husband out of the house and never came to our house since then .	1
但这一切比我们想象的更可怕。红圈会是靠敲诈有钱的意大利人来维持生活，假如别人不给钱，他们就用武力相逼。	but it was more terrible than we thought , and the red circle was made up of deceiving rich Italians , who would force them if others did not .	1
只要是对他们不利的人，他们憎恨的人，他们决不轻易放过，不仅要报复这些人自己，另外还将报复这些人的朋友。	as long as they are the ones against them , the ones they hate , they will never let go , not only retaliate against them , but also against their friends .	0
中午左右，我和我丈夫到达了伦敦，但是没有时间通知我们的朋友他有灾难；也未向警察报告这一切，为了使他将来的生命没有危险。	around noon my husband and I arrived in London , but there was no time to inform our friend of his disaster , nor to report it to the police so that his future life would not be in danger .	1,1
我藏身的地方，是我亲爱的丈夫在我们离开之后仅有的几天内安排好的，在这样的情形之下，可以保证我绝对安全。关于他自己，也想早点远离他们，也好与美国和意大利的警方取得联系。	the place I hid was arranged by my dear husband only a few days after our departure , in which case I was absolutely safe . he also wanted to stay away from them early and to get in touch with the American and Italian police .	null
我本人也不清楚他住在什么地方，如何生活。	I don &apos;t know where and how he lives .	1
但是发出的信号，唯有警告，没有其他什么，而且又忽然中断。现在我知道，他发现他被乔吉阿诺盯住了。谢天谢地！当这个可恶的人出现时，他早准备好了。	but there was only a warning , nothing else , and a sudden interruption . now , I know , he found that he had been watched by Jogiano . thank God ! he was ready when the wicked man appeared .	1
先生们，我现在想请教你们，从法律观点上讲，我们有必要害怕什么吗？我丈夫的所作所为，这个世界上的哪个法官可以判他的罪吗？”“哦，葛莱森先生，”那位美国人边扫视着警官边说道。“我不清楚你们英国有什么样的看法，可是我认为，在纽约，所有的人们都会感激这位夫人的丈夫！”	gentlemen , may I ask you now , from a legal point of view , what should we be afraid of ? can any judge in the world condemn my husband for what he has done ? Oh , Mr. Gleason , said the American , glancing at the police officer .	1
“假如她所讲的都是真实情况，我想她和她的丈夫都是没有任何罪可言的。	&quot; if all she says is true , I think she and her husband have no guilt to speak of .	1
可是，我不明白，福尔摩斯你为何也牵扯到这桩案子中来了呢？”	but I don &apos;t understand , Formos , why are you involved in this case ?	1
对啦，还未到八点钟，今天晚上瓦格纳的歌剧在考汶花园上演呢！	well , before eight o &apos;clock , Wagner &apos;s play was performed in Covent Garden tonight !	0
